Copy edit 5.16 guides (#2010)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.16/guides/influx-db-metric-handler.md

---
title: "Populate metrics in InfluxDB with handlers"
linkTitle: "Populate Metrics in InfluxDB"

> description: "Sensu event handlers are actions executed by the Sensu backend on events. This guide helps you populate Sensu metrics into the time series database InfluxDB."

Reviewer: "on events" feels awkward but not sure how to rephrase this atm.

Author: What do you think of my suggested change (to something like "...when an event occurs...")

I think it resolves the awkwardness, but I want to be sure it's not misleading in some way.

If it works, I'll copy it to the first paragraph below.

> description: "Sensu event handlers are actions executed by the Sensu backend on events. This guide helps you populate Sensu metrics into the time series database InfluxDB."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "A Sensu event handler is an action the Sensu backend executes when a specific event occurs. This guide helps you use an event handler to populate Sensu metrics into the time series database InfluxDB."
```
